## Intermediate 01 (city-book)

Implementing your application

You will need to create a rails application that has the following features:

Each city in the database will be associated with a latitude, a longitude, and a set of tags. Each tag is a word or phrase that describes a city. For example, the city "Moscow" might have tags "kremlin" and "russia".

You should provide a view, called "viewcity", that allows you to see the name of the city, and the current set of tags for the city. In this view, you should also be able to add a tag, and after adding a tag the new tag should appear in the view alongside the existing tags.

When you add a city to the database it will need to be geocoded automatically using Google

Your viewcity view should also allow you to retrieve a map of the city. use Google maps for this.

You should provide a view, called "search", that allows you to search for cities by name or tag. That is, if the user enters a tag, you should display a list of the cities that have that tag. If the user enters a city, you should display the city with that name. In either case, clicking on the name of a city in the search result should take you to the viewcity view for that city. 

Each city should only appear once in the search results, although if there are different cities with the same name (like Paris, France and Paris, Nevada) both should appear. The same search box should be used whether you are searching by tag or by city name. This should work even if the name of the city is not also a tag for the city.

(No need for a special search solution here, database `like` will be fine for this test)

Clicking on one tag in the list of tags in the viewcity view for a city should display a list of all the cities tagged with that tag, just as if you had searched for that tag in the search view.

The viewcity view should also show the ten "nearest" cities to the viewed city. You can compute the distance between two cities treating longitude and latitude as points on a grid, and finding the Euclidean distance. Clicking on any of the nearest cities should take you to the viewcity view for that city.

The first page of the app should be a list of cities you have in the database, once you click on a city you should be taken to the "viewcity" view.

## General Guidelines
* Application CSS should be done using Twitter bootstrap and SASS
* You should use TDD every step of the way, you can either use Rspec or TestUnit or any other framework.
* You should use VCR in your spec
* Specs should contain real data
* No Scaffolding should be used in any part of the work on the app
* You can use any resource that will be available to you in your day to day work (books, blogs, anything…)

## Deliverables
* Fully working application with the dump of your database with at least 20 real cities with real lat/lng data.
* The app should be pushed to github.

### Credit.
The idea for this application was taken from: http://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs186/sp08/homework2.html
